Security Engineer Long Term Contract Opportunity In Helsingborg (Hybrid)
Hi Rickard

Your profile looks a good fit, Would you be interested in discussing furthermore?

Overview
We’re seeking a consultant to help embed cybersecurity best practices directly within agile product development teams. This individual will play a key role in driving secure development principles and improving the overall security maturity across multiple initiatives.

agile security interpersonal skills lead influence
devsecops metodik
cloud security
coordination
pen-testing
vulnerability management


Key Skills & Experience:
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to lead through influence. 
Proven knowledge in DevSecOps methodologies. 
Experience in conducting threat modeling and security assessments. 
Familiarity with securing cloud-based environments. 
Hands-on expertise in vulnerability management and coordinating penetration testing activities. 

If interested please feel free to send me your CV and phone number in advance and we shall set up a call to discuss furthermore!

Oliver Davies
Technical Recruiter at TRILATERAL IT

Rickard Åberg sent the following message at 12:23 PM
View Rickard’s profileRickard Åberg
Rickard Åberg (He/Him)  12:23 PM
Yes sounds very cool 😎! 

Oliver Davies sent the following message at 12:25 PM
View Oliver’s profileOliver Davies
Oliver Davies  (He/Him)  12:25 PM
Hi Rickard,

Thanks for getting back to me.

Please feel free to send me your CV and phone number in advance and we shall set up a call to discuss furthermore!

Br
Oliver

Rickard Åberg sent the following messages at 12:25 PM
View Rickard’s profileRickard Åberg
Rickard Åberg (He/Him)  12:25 PM
I can’t find my recent cv on my phone right now

What format is convenient for you? Word pdf, latex?

My number you can get by I’m about to go to the dentist

Oliver Davies sent the following messages at 12:28 PM
View Oliver’s profileOliver Davies
Oliver Davies  (He/Him)  12:28 PM

Hi Rickard,

Any format is ok! No problem, Let me know a time you will be available today and ill be sure to reach out to you then!

Please provide phone number for later call.

Br
Oliver

